Address Dapr feedback. (#1038)
dotnet/docs-aspire: docs/frameworks/dapr.md

For more information, see [dotnet add package](/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-add-package) or [Manage package dependencies in .NET applications](/dotnet/core/tools/dependencies).

## Add a Dapr sidecar

Dapr uses the [sidecar pattern](https://docs.dapr.io/concepts/dapr-services/sidecar/) to run alongside your application. The Dapr sidecar runs alongside your app as a lightweight, portable, and stateless HTTP server that listens for incoming HTTP requests from your app.  

> To add a sidecar to a .NET Aspire resource call the <xref:Aspire.Hosting.IDistributedApplicationResourceBuilderExtensions.WithDaprSidecar%2A> method on the desired resource. The `appId` parameter is the unique identifier for the Dapr application, but it's optional. If you don't provide an `appId`, the parent resource name is used instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a sidecar to a .NET Aspire resource, call the <xref:Aspire.Hosting.IDistributedApplicationResourceBuilderExtensions.WithDaprSidecar%2A> method on the desired resource. The `appId` parameter is the unique identifier for the Dapr application, but it's optional. If you don't provide an `appId`, the parent resource name is used instead.
```

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/Dapr/Dapr.AppHost/Program.cs" range="1-7"  highlight="7":::

The `WithDaprSidecar` method offers overloads to configure your Dapr sidecar options like app ID and ports. In the following example, the Dapr sidecar is configured with specific ports for GRPC, HTTP, metrics, and a specific app ID.

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/Dapr/Dapr.AppHost/Program.cs" range="9-19"  highlight="1-6,11":::

> Putting everything together, consider the following example of a .NET Aspire app host project which includes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Putting everything together, consider the following example of a .NET Aspire app host project that includes:
```

.NET Aspire makes setting up and debugging Dapr applications easier by providing a straightforward API to configure Dapr sidecars, and by exposing the sidecars as resources in the dashboard.

> ### Explore Darp components with .NET Aspire

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Explore Dapr components with .NET Aspire
```

> Dapr provides many [built-in components](https://docs.dapr.io/concepts/components-concept), and when you use both Dapr with .NET Aspire you can easily explore and configure these components. These components are not to be confused with .NET Aspire components. For example, consider the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dapr provides many [built-in components](https://docs.dapr.io/concepts/components-concept), and when you use Dapr with .NET Aspire you can easily explore and configure these components. Don't confuse these components with .NET Aspire components. For example, consider the following:
```

> - [Dapr—State stores](https://docs.dapr.io/concepts/components-concept/#state-stores): Call <xref:Aspire.Hosting.Dapr.IDistributedApplicationBuilderExtensions.AddDaprStateStore%2A> to add an configured state store to your .NET Aspire app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Dapr—State stores](https://docs.dapr.io/concepts/components-concept/#state-stores): Call <xref:Aspire.Hosting.Dapr.IDistributedApplicationBuilderExtensions.AddDaprStateStore%2A> to add a configured state store to your .NET Aspire app.
```
